phase-2-core-patterns-blind75/module-5-sliding-window/01-best-time-stock/README.md, before:

# Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock

**Difficulty**: Easy  
**Pattern**: Sliding Window (Track Minimum)  
**Companies**: Google, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple

## Problem Statement

You are given an array `prices` where `prices[i]` is the price of a given stock on the `i`th day.

You want to maximize your profit by choosing a single day to buy one stock and choosing a different day in the future to sell that stock.

Return the maximum profit you can achieve from this transaction. If you cannot achieve any profit, return `0`.

## Examples

### Example 1
```
Input: prices = [7,1,5,3,6,4]
Output: 5
Explanation: Buy on day 2 (price = 1) and sell on day 5 (price = 6), profit = 6-1 = 5
```

### Example 2
```
Input: prices = [7,6,4,3,1]
Output: 0
Explanation: No profit possible (prices only decrease)
```

## Constraints

- `1 <= prices.length <= 10^5`
- `0 <= prices[i] <= 10^4`

## Approach

### One Pass with Min Tracking (Optimal)
**Time**: O(n), **Space**: O(1)

Track minimum price seen so far. For each price, calculate profit if sold today and update maximum profit.

**Why it's optimal**: Single pass, constant space.

## Solution

See [solution.java](solution.java) for implementation.

## Key Insights

1. **Buy low, sell high**: Track minimum price, calculate profit at each step
2. **Single pass**: No need to check all pairs
3. **Greedy approach**: Always buy at lowest price seen so far

## Related Problems

- Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II (LeetCode 122)
- Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock III (LeetCode 123)
- Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock with Cooldown (LeetCode 309)

Commit message:

docs(phase-2): standardize all 68 READMEs and remove solution code
- Enhanced 55 problem READMEs with in-depth theoretical concepts, approach comparisons, and edge cases.
- Removed all embedded solution code from README files to reference separate `solution.java` implementations.
- Refactored 12 module-level READMEs (Modules 3-14) to focus on structural patterns instead of implementation details.
- Standardized formatting and ensured a professional technical tone without emojis across the entire Phase 2 directory.
- Updated the root Phase 2 README to align with the new documentation standards.

phase-2-core-patterns-blind75/module-5-sliding-window/01-best-time-stock/README.md, after:

# Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock

**Difficulty**: Easy  
**Pattern**: Sliding Window (Track Minimum)  
**Companies**: Google, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple

## Problem Statement

You are given an array `prices` where `prices[i]` is the price of a given stock on the `i`th day.

You want to maximize your profit by choosing a single day to buy one stock and choosing a different day in the future to sell that stock.

Return the maximum profit you can achieve from this transaction. If you cannot achieve any profit, return `0`.

## Examples

### Example 1
```
Input: prices = [7,1,5,3,6,4]
Output: 5
Explanation: Buy on day 2 (price = 1) and sell on day 5 (price = 6), profit = 6-1 = 5
```

### Example 2
```
Input: prices = [7,6,4,3,1]
Output: 0
Explanation: No profit possible (prices only decrease)
```

## Constraints

- `1 <= prices.length <= 10^5`
- `0 <= prices[i] <= 10^4`

## Theoretical Concepts

### Min-Tracking Pattern
This problem is a variation of the sliding window pattern where the window is dynamic:
- The "left" of the window is the minimum price seen so far.
- The "right" of the window is the current price.
- We don't need a formal left pointer because we only care about the absolute minimum encountered before the current day.

### Kadane's Algorithm Connection
This problem is structurally similar to finding the maximum subarray sum (Kadane's). If we convert the price array into an array of daily changes (diffs), the maximum profit is the maximum sum of a contiguous subarray of those changes.

### Greedy Principle
By tracking the minimum price seen so far, we are making a greedy choice: if we sold on day `i`, we would have made the most profit by buying on the day with the lowest price among all days before `i`.

## Approach

### One Pass with Min Tracking (Optimal)
**Time**: O(n), **Space**: O(1)

Track minimum price seen so far. For each price, calculate profit if sold today and update maximum profit.

**Why it's optimal**: Single pass, constant space.

## Solution

See [solution.java](solution.java) for implementation.

## Key Insights

1. **Buy low, sell high**: Track minimum price, calculate profit at each step
2. **Single pass**: No need to check all pairs
3. **Greedy approach**: Always buy at lowest price seen so far

## Edge Cases

- **Decreasing prices**: `[5,4,3,2,1]` → `0`
- **Increasing prices**: `[1,2,3,4,5]` → `4`
- **Flat prices**: `[3,3,3]` → `0`
- **Single day**: `[5]` → `0` (Need at least two days to buy and sell)
- **Minimum after maximum**: `[2,10,1,3]` → `8` (Buying at 1 and selling at 3 only gives 2, whereas buying at 2 and selling at 10 gives 8)

## Related Problems

- Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II (LeetCode 122)
- Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock III (LeetCode 123)
- Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock with Cooldown (LeetCode 309)
